README.md, before:

# Booking Management System

This project has been transformed from an invoice generator into a comprehensive booking management system for hotels.

## Features Implemented

### ✅ Core System
- Supabase database integration with bookings table
- Real-time data synchronization
- TypeScript interfaces for type safety

### ✅ Backend Services
- Complete CRUD operations for bookings
- Advanced filtering and search capabilities
- Real-time subscriptions for live updates

### ✅ Complete UI Structure
- Main dashboard with stats cards (Total Bookings, Checked In, Pending, Revenue)
- Full calendar view with booking visualization (react-big-calendar)
- Complete booking list with detailed table view
- Toggle between Calendar and List views
- Search functionality across all booking fields
- Advanced booking creation modal with validation
- Filter panel (placeholder - ready for implementation)

### ✅ Invoice Integration
- Convert bookings to invoices seamlessly
- Maintains existing invoice generation functionality
- Automatic counter management

## Features To Be Completed

### 🔄 Components Needing Implementation
1. ✅ **BookingCalendar Component** - ✅ Implemented with react-big-calendar
2. ✅ **BookingList Component** - ✅ Complete table with all operations
3. ✅ **NewBookingModal Component** - ✅ Full booking creation form with validation
4. **BookingDetails Component** - View/edit booking details modal (created, needs integration)
5. **BookingFiltersPanel Component** - Advanced filtering options

### 🔄 Functionality To Add
- Edit booking functionality
- Payment management
- Booking status updates (Check-in/Check-out)
- Print booking confirmations
- Email notifications
- Advanced reporting

## Database Schema

The `bookings` table includes:
- Guest information (name, contact details)
- Room and dates (room number, check-in/out dates)
- Booking details (number of guests, special requests)
- Financial info (total amount, payment status)
- Status tracking (confirmed, pending, cancelled, etc.)
- Audit fields (created_at, updated_at)

## Getting Started

1. Install dependencies:
   ```bash
   npm install
   ```

2. Set up your Supabase credentials in `.env.local`:
   ```
   VITE_SUPABASE_URL=your_supabase_url
   VITE_SUPABASE_ANON_KEY=your_supabase_anon_key
   ```

3. Run the database migrations:
   ```sql
   -- Run the SQL in database.sql in your Supabase SQL editor
   ```

4. Start the development server:
   ```bash
   npm run dev
   ```

## Current State

The application now loads with a booking management dashboard instead of the invoice generator. You can:
- View booking statistics
- Switch between calendar and list views (placeholders)
- Search through bookings
- Create invoices from existing bookings
- Access the original invoice functionality

## Next Steps

1. Implement the missing UI components (calendar, detailed list, forms)
2. Add booking CRUD operations to the frontend
3. Implement payment tracking
4. Add booking status management
5. Create booking reports and analytics

The foundation is solid with full backend support and type safety throughout the application.

Commit message:

feat: Complete Story 1.2 - ID Verification with Photo Upload
- Add IDPhotoUpload component with drag-and-drop and camera capture
- Implement StaffVerificationInterface for ID document review
- Add comprehensive multilingual translation system
- Create database migrations for ID verification fields
- Add secure storage utilities for ID documents
- Implement health status monitoring and debug tools
- Add language selector with 15+ language support
- Create verification utilities with security features
- Add staff dashboard for verification management
- Include test page for ID verification functionality
- Update check-in form to integrate ID verification
- Add translation management and generation scripts

Story 1.2 acceptance criteria completed:
 AC1: ID Document Photo Capture
 AC2: Image Quality Validation
 AC3: Secure Storage and Encryption
 AC4: ID Information Extraction
 AC5: Mobile-Responsive Photo Capture

README.md, after:

# Booking Management System

This project has been transformed from an invoice generator into a comprehensive booking management system for hotels.

## Features Implemented

### ✅ Core System
- Supabase database integration with bookings table
- Real-time data synchronization
- TypeScript interfaces for type safety

### ✅ Backend Services
- Complete CRUD operations for bookings
- Advanced filtering and search capabilities
- Real-time subscriptions for live updates

### ✅ Complete UI Structure
- Main dashboard with stats cards (Total Bookings, Checked In, Pending, Revenue)
- Full calendar view with booking visualization (react-big-calendar)
- Complete booking list with detailed table view
- Toggle between Calendar and List views
- Search functionality across all booking fields
- Advanced booking creation modal with validation
- Filter panel (placeholder - ready for implementation)

### ✅ Invoice Integration
- Convert bookings to invoices seamlessly
- Maintains existing invoice generation functionality
- Automatic counter management

### ✅ Translation Service
- Google Gemini API with Gemma 3 model integration
- Support for 140+ languages with advanced contextual understanding
- 14,400 free requests per day
- Intelligent caching system for improved performance
- Batch translation capabilities for efficiency
- Multilingual check-in forms and UI components

## Features To Be Completed

### 🔄 Components Needing Implementation
1. ✅ **BookingCalendar Component** - ✅ Implemented with react-big-calendar
2. ✅ **BookingList Component** - ✅ Complete table with all operations
3. ✅ **NewBookingModal Component** - ✅ Full booking creation form with validation
4. **BookingDetails Component** - View/edit booking details modal (created, needs integration)
5. **BookingFiltersPanel Component** - Advanced filtering options

### 🔄 Functionality To Add
- Edit booking functionality
- Payment management
- Booking status updates (Check-in/Check-out)
- Print booking confirmations
- Email notifications
- Advanced reporting

## Database Schema

The `bookings` table includes:
- Guest information (name, contact details)
- Room and dates (room number, check-in/out dates)
- Booking details (number of guests, special requests)
- Financial info (total amount, payment status)
- Status tracking (confirmed, pending, cancelled, etc.)
- Audit fields (created_at, updated_at)

## Getting Started

1. Install dependencies:
   ```bash
   npm install
   ```

2. Set up your environment variables in `.env.local`:
   ```
   # Supabase Configuration
   VITE_SUPABASE_URL=your_supabase_url
   VITE_SUPABASE_ANON_KEY=your_supabase_anon_key
   
   # Google Gemini API for Translation (14,400 free requests/day)
   # Get your API key from: https://aistudio.google.com/app/apikey
   VITE_GEMINI_API_KEY=your_gemini_api_key
   ```

3. Run the database migrations:
   ```sql
   -- Run the SQL in database.sql in your Supabase SQL editor
   ```

4. Start the development server:
   ```bash
   npm run dev
   ```

## Current State

The application now loads with a booking management dashboard instead of the invoice generator. You can:
- View booking statistics
- Switch between calendar and list views (placeholders)
- Search through bookings
- Create invoices from existing bookings
- Access the original invoice functionality

## Next Steps

1. Implement the missing UI components (calendar, detailed list, forms)
2. Add booking CRUD operations to the frontend
3. Implement payment tracking
4. Add booking status management
5. Create booking reports and analytics

The foundation is solid with full backend support and type safety throughout the application.
